## R CMD check results

0 errors | 0 warnings | 1 note

* This is a new release.

Dear CRAN maintainer,

Thank you very much for your very helpful remarks. Please find our responses
in capital letters below:

Please write references in the description of the DESCRIPTION file in
the form
authors (year) <doi:...>
authors (year) <arXiv:...>
authors (year, ISBN:...)
or if those are not available: authors (year) <[https:...]https:...>
with no space after 'doi:', 'arXiv:', 'https:' and angle brackets for
auto-linking. (Since you add the title as well please put it in quotes:
"Title")

ISBN ADDED, TITLE REMOVED


Please add \value to .Rd files regarding exported methods and explain
the functions results in the documentation. Please write about the
structure of the output (class) and also what the output means. (If a
function does not return a value, please document that too, e.g.
\value{No return value, called for side effects} or similar)
Missing Rd-tags:
      plot.desk.Rd: \value

ADDED \value to plot.desk.rd


Some code lines in examples are commented out. Please never do that.
Ideally find toy examples that can be regularly executed and checked.
Lengthy examples (> 5 sec), can be wrapped in \donttest{}.
Examples in comments in:
       cochorc.Rd
       new.session.Rd

CORRECTED IN cochorc.Rd AND new.session.Rd


You write information messages to the console that cannot be easily
suppressed.
It is more R like to generate objects that can be used to extract the
information a user is interested in, and then print() that object.
Instead of print()/cat() rather use message()/warning() or
if(verbose)cat(..) (or maybe stop()) if you really have to write text to
the console. (except for print, summary, interactive functions)

HERE WE ARE A LITTLE BIT UNSURE WHAT YOU MEAN. WE HAVE INDEED FOUND AN
INAPPROPRIATE USAGE OF cat() IN Sxy.R (WE REPLACED cat() BY
warning()). IN ALL OTHER LOCATIONS of cat() THE DIRECT OUTPUT TO THE
CONSOLE IS DELIBERATE AS THE USER EXPLICITLY REQUESTS THIS INFORMATION
BY CALLING THE FUNCTION (E.G. INFORMATION ON DATASETS IN datasets())
AND WE DO NOT SEE THE POINT OF SUPPRESSING IT.
THE STARTUP MESSAGE IS GENERATED BY packageStartupMessage() AND CAN
EASILY BE SUPPRESSED BY suppressMessages(library("desk")) in profile.site.
IF YOU REFER TO OTHER OUTPUTS TO THE CONSOLE, THAT WE ARE NOT AWARE OF,
PLEASE LET US KNOW.


Please do not modify the user's global environment or the user's home
filespace in your examples or vignettes by deleting objects rm(list = ls()).

EXAMPLES REMOVED IN FILES:
rm.all.Rd
new.session.Rd

ADDED COMMENT
# No example available to avoid possibly unwanted object deletion in user environment.


Please make sure that you do not change the user's options, par or
working directory. If you really have to do so within functions, please
ensure with an *immediate* call of on.exit() that the settings are reset
when the function is exited.
e.g.:
...
oldpar <- par(no.readonly = TRUE) # code line i
on.exit(par(oldpar)) # code line i + 1
...
par(mfrow=c(2,2)) # somewhere after
...

...
oldwd <- getwd() # code line i
on.exit(setwd(oldwd)) # code line i+1
...
setwd(...) # somewhere after
...
e.g.: -> R/new.session.R; R/zzz.R
If you're not familiar with the function, please check ?on.exit. This
function makes it possible to restore options before exiting a function
even if the function breaks. Therefore it needs to be called immediately
after the option change within a function.


CORRECTED IN new.session.R
REMOVED IN zzz.R


Please always make sure to reset to user's options(), working directory
or par() after you changed it in examples and vignettes and demos. ->
man/ar1sim.Rd; man/makedata.bc.Rd
e.g.:
oldpar <- par(mfrow = c(1,2))
...
par(oldpar)

old <- options(digits = 3)
...
options(old)

CORRECTED IN ar1sim.Rd
CORRECTED IN makedata.bc.Rd
